adding block (#163)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/blocks/custom/youtube/docs/readme.md

> # Youtube Block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# YouTube Block
```

> Block used to provide quote functionality to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block used to provide YouTube video embed functionality to your project.
```
